Add new service calls for Squeezebox (#12067)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/squeezebox.markdown

- Action: JSON post query with such JSON body:
`{ "entity_id": "media_player.squeezebox_radio", "command": "playlist", "parameters": ["loadtracks", "album.titlesearch={{TextField}}"] }`
This can work with title search and basically any thing. The same wouldn't have worked by calling directly Squeezebox server as IFTT cannot escape the text field.

### Service `call_query`

> Call a custom Squeezebox JSONRPC API. The results of the query will be stored in the 'query_result' attribute of the player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call a custom Squeezebox JSON-RPC API. The result of the query will be stored in the 'query_result' attribute of the player.
```

See documentation for this interface on `http://HOST:PORT/html/docs/cli-api.html?player=` where HOST and PORT are the host name and port for your Logitech Media Server.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `entity_id` | no | Name(s) of the Squeezebox entities where to run the API method.
| `command` | no | Command to pass to Logitech Media Server (p0 in the CLI documentation).
| `parameters` | yes | Array of additional parameters to pass to Logitech Media Server (p1, ..., pN in the CLI documentation).

> This service can be used to integrate a Squeezebox query into an automation. For example, in a python script, you can get a list of albums available by an artist like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service can be used to integrate a Squeezebox query into an automation. For example, in a Python script, you can get a list of albums available by an artist like this:
```
